You are from the Dong family in Yunzhou
Yes, brother.
What's wrong? Nothing
You just have a deep hatred for them
deep hatred
Don't scare my brother
What's going on?
You go to sleep first
I'll let you know when the time is right.
Master, have you heard the news from the lady?
Where was it kidnapped by a security guard?
Why tie medicine is not clear
It's just that he was seen carrying the lady home
Then investigated the identity
Found out it was a security guard and
Got the address
Okay, take me there quickly. Yes.
Boss, that guy lives here
Open the door
What are you doing, boy, dare to touch my lady?
Blind your dog eyes
Miss
Dong family, you are the martial arts Dong family
Do you know how the Dong family is ready to die?
Is your son's father you choose?